The End
Well, let's compare the results.
There are many people in the world who are very stubborn.
But being stubborn is natural for humans.
The most important thing is the food.
You can't even eat properly.
What happened?
You're always welcome.
Thank you.
You're very kind.
We must be safe.
I've asked my husband and you to come here.
Thank you very much.
You're very kind to eat breakfast.
You're eating breakfast by licking soy sauce.
I don't care about soy sauce.
I don't care about the money.
I'm doing it.
You lick soy sauce and bring it to me.
You bring soy sauce and make it.
I'm not very good at it.
But I'm not good at it.
But I can't help it.
I'm sorry for your opinion.
I'll fix it.
I don't care about the money.
You can do whatever you want.
You don't eat much.
You eat 365 times a day.
You're very kind.
You eat half of it in the morning.
You eat half in the evening.
You eat a lot of seeds.
You're a good man.
I see.
You should be careful.
You shouldn't eat the umeboshi.
You should buy it for 20,000 yen or 30,000 yen.
You should look at the umeboshi while eating.
Then the water will accumulate in your mouth.
If the water accumulates, it will come to you.
You just look at the umeboshi.
You don't eat much.
You can look at it.
You can lose weight.
But I don't care.
I have something to ask you.
You gave me a lot of money this year.
I'm sorry I always give you money.
I bought two rice bowls and two bowls of rice.
You're very generous.
But you can't buy two bowls of rice.
I won't buy it.
I'll buy two or three bowls of rice.
It's not easy to get.
I have something I want to give you.
I'll take out the rice and put it in a bowl.
Then I'm sorry.
I want to give you two or three bowls of rice.
I will hold the rice in my hand.
The rice will be sold out.
The rice is a little dirty.
I can't help it.
I'll mix it with the rice.
I'll get two or three bowls of rice.
I'll do it one by one.
I refuse it.
Including the joint.